README.md, before:

Spring Getting Started Guides
===

### Building a RESTful Web Service

[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=doc&message=Building%20a%20RESTful%20Web%20Service&color=green)](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=note&message=rest-service&color=blue)](rest-service) 

Learn how to create a RESTful web service with Spring.

### Scheduling Tasks

[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=doc&message=Scheduling%20Tasks&color=green)](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=note&message=(still%20in)rest-service&color=blue)](rest-service) 

This guide walks you through the steps for scheduling tasks with Spring.

### Consuming a RESTful Web Service

[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=doc&message=Consuming%20a%20RESTful%20Web%20Service&color=green)](https://spring.io/guides/gs/consuming-rest/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=note&message=consuming-rest&color=blue)](consuming-rest) 

This guide walks you through the process of creating an application that consumes a RESTful web service.

Commit message:

Accessing Relational Data using JDBC with Spring

README.md, after:

Spring Getting Started Guides
===

### Building a RESTful Web Service

[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=doc&message=Building%20a%20RESTful%20Web%20Service&color=green)](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=note&message=rest-service&color=blue)](rest-service) 

Learn how to create a RESTful web service with Spring.

### Scheduling Tasks

[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=doc&message=Scheduling%20Tasks&color=green)](https://spring.io/guides/gs/scheduling-tasks/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=note&message=(still%20in)rest-service&color=blue)](rest-service) 

This guide walks you through the steps for scheduling tasks with Spring.

### Consuming a RESTful Web Service

[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=doc&message=Consuming%20a%20RESTful%20Web%20Service&color=green)](https://spring.io/guides/gs/consuming-rest/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=note&message=consuming-rest&color=blue)](consuming-rest) 

This guide walks you through the process of creating an application that consumes a RESTful web service.

### Accessing Relational Data using JDBC with Spring

[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=doc&message=Accessing%20Relational%20Data%20using%20JDBC%20with%20Spring&color=green)](https://spring.io/guides/gs/relational-data-access/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=note&message=relational-data-access&color=blue)](relational-data-access) 

This guide walks you through the process of accessing relational data with Spring.
